Am Christina. Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. And yourself.
Christina Haro: I am. Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Son doing
Christina Haro: He's doing okay he's home.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So see if you can find a place for me to sit so that I don't get dizzy with the moving screen.
Christina Haro: Myself here so
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. I'll pull up a note here for us in our record.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can find something on a coffee table in front of you or somewhere that it could stay put and get those little hands free case, we need to use them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'll probably fall on my head, three more times today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you make of, you know, a concern, you know, your, your son goes out into the world and your, your concern was that he would hurt himself and he hurt himself what
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do with that information. Where does that
What do you do
Christina Haro: I don't know, I just
Christina Haro: I just kind of
Christina Haro: I stressed. I think I stressed for a couple of days. And then I said, Okay, you know, it's just one of the things I have to deal with, you know, I went through stuff similar like that with my other kids, you know, little things along the way. But I'm okay. You know I I dealt with it. Okay.
Christina Haro: And you know my other kids tell me that I'm over protective and I tell him while he's the youngest he's the last one I have to put through the world. So I kind of, kind of,
Christina Haro: It's hard. I don't know. Maybe it's because he's the youngest I just dealing with it differently. And then I'm older. And I don't know.
Christina Haro: My stress levels higher
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's something unique about him, maybe something last sort of last born and
Christina Haro: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling
Feeling protective
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to put your phone on Do Not Disturb if you want to, because then you're you won't have the buzzing going on. Do you know how to do that.
Christina Haro: Um, no, but give me a second. I'll do it all that in a sec. Just one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. You might like it better that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grab
Gwenevere Abriel: Grab something I'll be right back, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's take a look at your notes. See where we left off.
Christina Haro: Oh, baby.
See, we talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: Around older daughter some discussion around your older daughter, you know, feeling sort of blocked around her and the relationship with hear her.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like what I feel like maybe what she's going through is my fault. The meaning to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that the worst sort of cognition. There was, I'm a bad mother and we had put that as a distress level of 50 I'm not angry or upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've gotten past that I'm just sort of worried. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel it in the center of the stomach fluttering feeling like I'm worried and anxious at the same time.
Okay.
And let's see what else did we do
These glasses to start working. Try these
Filthy
Christina Haro: Like me, I do the same thing. Healthy see
We do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we started. Yeah, we started to develop this anchor room. I'd like to continue that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah, let's do that. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But before we do this is real close to each other. They're sort of inner connection. Let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you develop with me in group your protective image and figure your nurturing figure. You're wise figure
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't landing in this note. So let's see if we can track it down. Do you remember who you're protected figure was
Christina Haro: I think is that when I went back to my little self.
Christina Haro: I was the girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably did it in
Gwenevere Abriel: You can, you can certainly do that. But this is a bit distinct. Let me tell you what it would be. And we can do it again right now. It doesn't take long. So do this now with me just sort of get in touch with either real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a protective image or figure
Gwenevere Abriel: That comes to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: real or imagined.
Christina Haro: Does it have to be myself or is it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Be someone else it's, yeah.
Christina Haro: Yeah, to me, my protective bigger was always my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. And what is it about dad that sort of brings to mind the really envision the protective nature and he really embodies protectiveness. What do you envision
Christina Haro: It was always real strong know he's, he's very strong hard working man that just
Christina Haro: He just in reality he protected me because he was the one that always said, you know, mom's crazy, you know, to stay away from her, don't talk about, you know, and those even time to hold are off of me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he literally protected you so that might be a great one right there. So you just can envision dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then move to another figure a nurturing figure real or imagined what comes to mind.
Christina Haro: I know huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, go into fantasy, a little bit you sometimes people in when that piece was missing. They have to go a bit into the imagine they go into maybe they read a book and it was like, wow, that seems to embody nurturing and
Gwenevere Abriel: And and this ideal or maybe a movie or a TV character or you saw it in another family but you witnessed it and it looks like nurturing
Christina Haro: And could it be something that really happened to me.
Christina Haro: There was years ago, years ago when I was married
Christina Haro: To my first husband, he, he was the one that really a business. Yeah, but was one time just he would hit me for any little thing.
Christina Haro: But there was one time we were arguing and I knew he was going to hit me. And we're walking, we, we were actually walking down some stairs. Right.
Christina Haro: And he said something and I turned around to look at him and his fist is close to me and I i was like i stood still, because I figured if he hits me. I'm gonna fall down the stairs. All the sudden I am not kidding. This was the weirdest strangest thing. All of a sudden, this big fight bigger
Christina Haro: pushed him back.
Christina Haro: In that me didn't let him hit me. And at that point I thought I was imagining things. And I close my eyes because I got scared.
Christina Haro: And when I opened my eyes. He was standing there so fly in the face and he tells me boy, you're lucky he says, even though he says, even your guardian angel saves you
Christina Haro: Because we follow it to
Christina Haro: Whatever it was pushed him back and didn't let him hit me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guardian Angel.
Christina Haro: Guardian Angel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Big white figure is there more to it. What do you, what do you see, is there any shape like where do you see
Christina Haro: No, it was like the shape of a person, it was, it was in shape of a person, but it was just the quite ghostly figure me didn't have been you couldn't
Christina Haro: I didn't feel him, but he felt it when it pushed him. And that's all I saw was this white thing that just appeared and disappeared. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. That's the one will use okay guardian will call it guardian angel does that work.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you envision it, it'll be this big white ghostly figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. So we've got dad this embodiment of protector and nurturing is this guardian angel and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have there ever been times where because what sounded about this this guardian angel was also a protective behavior. Notice how he guardian angel. It's a man or no. Do you know
Christina Haro: A male figure. I thought it was a milk. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll go with that. But did you notice that it also protected you, is it possible week maybe this protector is a bit like that figure with dad that it's also a protector and work a little bit more and seeing if we can cultivate
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of the definition of nurturing. Why don't you kind of define that for me.
Christina Haro: I'm nurturing
Christina Haro: Uh huh.
Christina Haro: Just
Christina Haro: Inside, to me, is just something that
Christina Haro: You know that
Christina Haro: To meet this is the way I see nurturing. To me, it's something that takes you in takes care of you. Um,
Christina Haro: I tell you, you know,
Christina Haro: Just totally loves you protect you, no matter what.
Christina Haro: But that's something I have vision when they're tree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so protection for you as a part of the nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Now, um, but you did mention that it takes care of you, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: There's also this love and there's this taking care of let's let me show you just a quick little definition.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this if you just plug it in right to the internet. This is what they give you
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got nurture, it's a verb. Right. It's something that is done.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's caring for just like what you said and encourages the growth or development of
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be bring up care for provide for take care of ATTEND TO LOOK AFTER WHAT ELSE THEY HAVE TO REPAIR support raise foster parent mother tent feed nourish
Christina Haro: Use
Gwenevere Abriel: This word. I don't really know what it is per vendor encourage promote stimulate develop cultivate further advance boost forward contribute to assist help aid a bet strengthen advantage, the opposite is neglect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hit okay so really getting in touch with who helped encouraged you to grow and develop and I would almost say even though they don't include this, they don't include any any words like
Gwenevere Abriel: to cherish or
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about affection, you know, where there's this tender Enos to it doesn't nurture also in courage, this sort of tender touch and defection
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Doesn't that encourage the development of a young person.
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so now what comes up real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Encouragement of growth, development and if you can include a little bit of that tender.
Gwenevere Abriel: Touch that affection, what comes up.
Christina Haro: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me help you if you just share what you're thinking I can kind of if you're trying to rule things out. Maybe you don't need to maybe one of the things you're thinking of is just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you think
Christina Haro: To me, I think of life. I'm
Christina Haro: I don't know what kind of word I would use but
Christina Haro: No matter
Christina Haro: No matter what you do.
Christina Haro: They're still there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: As it's unconditional
Christina Haro: Unconditional. Yeah, there you go. That's what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to picture it who or what does it look like
Gwenevere Abriel: How big is it
Gwenevere Abriel: shape and color.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconditional love
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it take its time. This is too important to brush through
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Christina Haro: To me, I would picture like a combination of my guardian angel and my dad a big tall person, you know, probably a male fit group, but a big tall person.
Christina Haro: Oh, just stand there for me and walk alongside with
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay. They tell person who can stand beside me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And walk alongside me stay right there with you.
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: At all times.
Christina Haro: All times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Alright, so we'll go with that. And now I want you to picture a wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture of an image someone something real or imagined that is wise.
Christina Haro: So, this is this other figure would be somebody. Um, other than that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't have to be. But is that what's coming up for you as I, as I say it. What do you think enough
Christina Haro: I was picturing myself.
Christina Haro: Myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, exactly as you are now or what are you picturing
Know,
Christina Haro: Somebody something
Some
Christina Haro: Somebody that's me, but a different me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What is there that you don't have
Christina Haro: A do the other me would be somebody really, really smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you know it to not be you. Sometimes we we contrast it with this and how do you know yourself to not be smart than you might be comparing somehow, what are you comparing it to
Christina Haro: To me, I'm comparing it to, if I could go back in time and this other person to just go back and take my place and do things differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: They would have made smarter decisions. Is that what you're thinking.
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would they have that you didn't have
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: This person would have more of an insight of maybe
Christina Haro: They knew more and maybe were
Christina Haro: They had more of an insight of what was going to happen, they more or less this other me. But go back in time and say, oh, no, this is going to happen. I have to make things differently.
Christina Haro: I have to change things, not so much smarts. It's more of maybe
Christina Haro: If I could send them back with the knowledge of all the things that were going to happen and they could go back and say, no, I can't do it like this, because this is going to happen, like they already know what's going to happen. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if that does actually sound a lot like who you are today because you do know what you would have done differently. No, or do you do not see that
Christina Haro: I do I see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, maybe the wise figure is you now as an adult, Christina. What if it is
Christina Haro: Um, maybe. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little bit of that.
Christina Haro: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so a little bit of that. So this wise person has lived experience and knows. Now, I know I would do it differently, right. That's what wisdom is it's a lived experience of now I know
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can't get it until we learn it. You don't know it until we've learned it. Okay, and you know it. No one can take it from you. It's yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's anything else that you can get in imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Around wise figure
Christina Haro: Know, the only wise big Gracie was my dad you know my dad was my dad was a really smart man you know he
He
Christina Haro: He he he told it the way he saw it, you know, and he always always tried to
Christina Haro: Tell us, you know, he like he showed me how to change the oil in my car, how to change a tire. How to do all these things. And then he would tell me. Don't ever depend on the man because men are not going to do it for you. You need to learn to do it on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so part of this wise is independence.
Christina Haro: Yes. Okay. And are you independent. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you get a combination of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Encouragement
Gwenevere Abriel: And parenting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And teaching from him where he's teaching you how to do the things of the world, how to solve problems and
Gwenevere Abriel: And be independent, a new you notice in yourself insight and independence.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that wisdom is that's where it feels the most salient is it's in the self and in dad is that right
Christina Haro: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what water.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's continue with
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, you know, holding those let's not forget this embodiment of protector figure in it. This is actually seems almost like a combination of basically your dad your guardian angel and you today with this wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that about right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just sort of sit with that for a moment just really be present with it. And just imagine it as a team, you know, your support team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of picture them all getting along, or that it's just maybe this one figure somehow I'm not sure how it comes up for you, but just be present with it until it really settled in
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it all feel just right in true
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, beautiful can stay there with your eyes closed, and I'd like to review the anchor room that you started to develop and see if we can complete the exercise. It may take more than one session or two or three takes as long as it takes. There's no rush.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get it just right is really the goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to kind of bring back that imagery of
Gwenevere Abriel: This assessment of yourself of
Gwenevere Abriel: A bad mother, you had thought
Gwenevere Abriel: And you added a room on
Gwenevere Abriel: As you went into deep thought and got more comfortable and
Gwenevere Abriel: In this age of this little girl, page five comes up and
Gwenevere Abriel: It starts as this big room.
Gwenevere Abriel: My sister's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's pictures of us all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Memories no windows plain white walls. It's bright
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure where it's coming from.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't see it ceiling.
Gwenevere Abriel: You saw different sofas
Gwenevere Abriel: It was similar to one your mom had it was big brown leather sofa.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know there. One is an older sofa kind of soft plaid looking blue colors and white.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a big rug.
Gwenevere Abriel: maroon color in the middle, I noticed no windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice they're talking and drinking coffee all seated are facing faces are happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were feeling good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice the temperature of the room was warm was just right like from the fireplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next to the big brown sofa.
Gwenevere Abriel: You noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: With your hands. Perhaps the cool leather.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice one leg bent underneath your body
Gwenevere Abriel: The smell of firewood and coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're aware of the case to the cookies and coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then looking around the room, you could see the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was would
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a window on it. Just no no color just regular goal round handle a turn lock on the handle.
Gwenevere Abriel: The door was open all the way
Gwenevere Abriel: You could see outside the door outdoors, could see the grass and trees and chickens.
And the feeling was happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in checking in. There was nothing going on in the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was nothing up to stress there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was cheerfulness before to
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a happy tears. Is that what they are now.
Christina Haro: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the room changed at all.
No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as we move into some of this misinformation. We have some new new support that all included in this process, which is your team your guardian.
Gwenevere Abriel: Angel, your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: yourself as a protective nurturing and wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about
Christina Haro: Looking at my sister's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And much like when we started, that's what was going on there was this just being present with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had invited
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, an exploration about what misinformation. This little five year old had to absorb in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I invited that there be access to magic sometimes a little magic wand. That's nestled in a secret compartment somewhere in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can access
Gwenevere Abriel: You had difficulty identifying what was needed. But then you found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We needed to be away from mom outside far away from the door as far away as we can get from her. She's down the street.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the neighbors.
Gwenevere Abriel: We continue to be laughing and happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You noticed your dad is now in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're drinking. He's drinking coffee and smoking and dad tells you
Gwenevere Abriel: Moms crazy and there's the nurturing and hugs you
Gwenevere Abriel: And sits
Gwenevere Abriel: You want as law and says, Don't listen to her just bouncing you on his knee.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you become aware of what the misinformation was
Gwenevere Abriel: That you had to absorb in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was
Gwenevere Abriel: The lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you absorbed was that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are good for nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your adult
Gwenevere Abriel: The wise figure today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that's not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay with that imagery and see if we can complete this exercise, and I want you to sort of tell me what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it
Gwenevere Abriel: In this imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: That the little girl believes that she's good for nothing.
Christina Haro: I do, I do believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a little girl. It really is believed rain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you believe that lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion. Do you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like sad, is there more to it. Do you think
Christina Haro: Her sad, I'm
Christina Haro: I'm a curious.
Yeah.
Christina Haro: Curious
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the little girl want to know what she interested in when she wants to she curious about
Christina Haro: This little girl wants to know why.
Christina Haro: Why, my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, we're going to find the information we're going to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a right to ask this question you didn't get to find out back then we're going to find out. Okay, I'm gonna deal with him right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got everything you need, bring in this imagery into this space. Can you do that the unconditional loving guardian with magic. It can appear and be present, it can unfold you and surround you and your sisters as needed. Your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this why self you know so much more than little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom is far away at the neighbors and you get all your needs met in this room, you are surrounded by nurturing protection and wisdom, let it be true, bring it into your imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice about a little girl as that team is now with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happening what's happening.
Christina Haro: Everybody's just
Christina Haro: Everybody just looks
Christina Haro: Like just
Christina Haro: You know they everybody's quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just looks and is quiet. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. All right, now we need some information, little girl needs information. Okay, so just breathe into that this is a chance for little girl to be heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be validated of her curiosity and absolute like like confusion. How could a mother do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: is justified.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not the one that's misunderstanding, this, this is, this is like
Gwenevere Abriel: Why this is so confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that magic wand and I want you to see if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Magically have someone telling you why.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up.
Christina Haro: Oh, I asked. I asked my mom's kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you ask
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why does she look like as you asked her.
Christina Haro: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: She the right person to ask
Christina Haro: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this magic allows you to get your answer and to not take care of anyone else. Everyone's got everything they need, which gives you permission to get everything you need. You don't have to take care of her hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she need in order to have the ability to really answer you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she need
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's give that to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see her getting some strength and confidence in her face. Change is she getting what she needs so she can look at you and answer you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not making it about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's gonna give you an answer.
Christina Haro: She tells me that
Christina Haro: To my mom because my mom's going through something she's just taking it out of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't pay attention to mom, she's going through something she's taking it out on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that enough with an answer for a little girl be really careful that we can't miss it. We've got to give her everything she needs. Is that enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Is curiosity still there.
Christina Haro: No, I'm curious anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's feeling a little girl feeling
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister
Gwenevere Abriel: To she trusts sister.
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So have little girl. And I'll just say to you as little girl look around the realm and
Gwenevere Abriel: Really see how things have stayed the same, or changed now that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't curious anymore about why she did what she did. Now, you know, you now have the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's changed. What's stay the same.
Christina Haro: I'm not little anymore. I'm a little older.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much older.
Christina Haro: Like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Teenager okay okay something. Something's happening. How does, how does it feel to be teenager.
Christina Haro: Different because I could sit there and talk with my sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you feeling. What's the emotion.
Christina Haro: Happy
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the room change still
Christina Haro: There's windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming about the windows.
Christina Haro: It just a Windows. They don't open. It's just the glass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Claim closed windows, just the glass and no window treatments know curtains know blinds.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's outside
Christina Haro: My mom.
Christina Haro: You can see I could see here
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel teenager.
Christina Haro: Fine, I think, to be happy because she's outside, outside
Gwenevere Abriel: This this teenager.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would feel like fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's preventing her from going out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it take to get her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere so that you felt safe to go play
Christina Haro: I always ask my dad. Is he with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's going to be with you all the time as this guardian angel unconditional love with you at all times and you can go anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you make that. So for this teenager and just be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: With what becomes possible for movement in the world for play for hanging out as a teenage girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you notice
Christina Haro: Outside
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, are you
Christina Haro: Going to ask my mom if I think well
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And has the body feeling right now.
Good.
Christina Haro: Good.
Christina Haro: So far, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So with this presence of
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection nurturing unconditional love and wisdom with you at all times.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can ask your mom. If you can go
Gwenevere Abriel: And what becomes possible
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens next.
Christina Haro: I asked her if she says no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel with her now.
Christina Haro: I was always used to her telling me know
Gwenevere Abriel: What does your mom need in order to not take it out on you so that you can grow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be independent, so that you can enjoy your peers as a teenage girl, which is right on time developmentally that's right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right on time. We like to hang out with kids, their own age and find out who we are.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she need in order to just stop saying no, and really seeing that. What you need is more time with your peers.
Christina Haro: Needed for her friends she needed to have her own friends and even though
Christina Haro: She didn't have any friends she never did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's summon up that magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just picture her able
Gwenevere Abriel: To take care of herself. She has her own friends. She's not taking out
Gwenevere Abriel: Things on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know picture her
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, when you ask her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I go out
Christina Haro: There to tell me yes I will be okay.
Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't need to take her anger her on
Gwenevere Abriel: disappointments out on you.
Christina Haro: need somebody to talk to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's make that happen. What do you envision let's get real solid in that
Gwenevere Abriel: The first thing that struck you mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it
Christina Haro: I don't know. It is
Christina Haro: For my for my mom to get some help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of
Christina Haro: Mental health
Mental
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever met a mental health professional that maybe you could envision helping her
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is it what do you picture.
Christina Haro: Picture her going, going to the doctor and coming back. I don't know, I just
Went to a doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we want them so envision that she has all of that she's going regularly. She's getting she's gone and come back and she's different now. Let's do this again. And now I want you to ask her if you can go hang out with your friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she says
Christina Haro: It says yes. Be careful comebacker
Gwenevere Abriel: This time she says yes. Be careful. And what else
Christina Haro: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I come back early. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you feeling as a teenage girl.
Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. So stay there with that imagery revisit it everyone got their needs met.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then things flowed right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go outside and you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this interdependence where you still need someone to shelter you and feed and still, still do a lot still tell you there's a curfew and come back early and you still ask for permission. But you get to spend time
Gwenevere Abriel: With your friends and hang out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't have to be preoccupied with
Gwenevere Abriel: The misinformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom got the help she needed
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get to feel happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sister got what she needed
Gwenevere Abriel: And you always have
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection nurturing and wisdom by your side.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as we come to a close today just pay close attention to body scan paying attention to what you notice, having a scan move up from the feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the ankles calves and knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that energy and awareness to the thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the seat bones as it meets
Gwenevere Abriel: The couch moving up the back
Gwenevere Abriel: awareness in the tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: The chest
Gwenevere Abriel: From the hands and arms elbows biceps.
Gwenevere Abriel: The shoulders and
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way up the neck, the throat, larynx and firings where we breathe and we speak
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice shifts and changes. Maybe there's quiet or stillness.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just paying attention as it moves up to the jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even into the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the nasal passage the cheekbones deep inside you get to reflect inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And attuned to the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the eye sockets and into yours the temples forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to how do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Top of the head.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I invite you to sort of share with me any observations from this body scan and how you're doing today. Now it's the end of the session
Christina Haro: I feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any observations in the body.
Christina Haro: Just calm. I don't, I don't feel anything in my stomach. I, I feel calm, I feel
Christina Haro: Relieved, yeah.
That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would invite you this week, especially after this activity to
Gwenevere Abriel: When you visit, maybe a negative thought will come up. Maybe one of those ones and negative judgment about yourself to bring the presence of that team right that figure and be with it and realizing that it's a part of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a part of how you filter.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will you do next. And how do you see yourself and what resources are available to you and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just include them.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you move into your day and
Gwenevere Abriel: See if that
Gwenevere Abriel: Brings you some happiness and calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about reschedule what time I know we had an original time of Monday's. Can we go back to that.
Christina Haro: Because we go back to our Mondays.
Christina Haro: I like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, me too. So that's February 3 at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, and then we'll continue
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe next time you may want to consider, seeing if you can find something even stacking books something so that your devices right in front of you.
Christina Haro: And then I'll work over the weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get to things where you can have them you know about a foot and a half apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we want. If you're on a little phone. We want to have something items so that your eyes can go back and forth, if I'm able to do some of the EMT are bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: We may depend to that, but I want that as an option, if we can, but you guys you don't want your eyes down you want him up here. So if you were seated, you would kind of want them kind of high level. So your eyes can just go. Yeah, exactly.
Christina Haro: I work over the weekend and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Stack things up and put them around and see what you can come up with.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now is there medicine attached to today.
Christina Haro: Um, no, nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have enough to get you to Friday group right
Christina Haro: So tomorrow group. Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I'll see that
Christina Haro: Oh, right. Thank you.
Christina Haro: Kyle can be good too. But, but